Week 1

Formed a group of 5.
I created a Jira account, invited all my teammates and our lecturer Rachid into the Jira group. 
Nothing was behind the schedule in this week.

Week 2

what was planned for the period since the last work diary entry
1.	Make updates to the Jira backlog
2.	Join GitHub classroom
3.	Start working on the project proposal
4.  Decide on the framework/technologies that will be used for this project
what was finished
1.	The whole group joined into GitHub classroom
2.	Get familiar with using Jira
3.	Decide on the project topic and sprint’s structure
4.  I complete most of the UI design and page relationships
what were the main technical and non-technical obstacles and how they were overcome (or what was tried and did not work)
1.	Operations on Jira: we discussed and did some test operations on it
2.	Project functionalities and user stories: group discussion and web searching
3.	Interface design of the project: Rachid gave us some advises (figma, invision…), will check it later.
what was not finished, why this happened, how this affects the overall project progress and what adjustments (if any) are needed so the success of the project is not endangered
N/A
what is planned for the next period (e.g., next week)
1.	Finish the project proposal.
2.	Start working on the project (writing code, DB implementation…)

Week 3

what was planned for the period since the last work diary entry
1.	Finish and submit the project proposal
2.	Setting up the backend/frontend environment
3.	Start working on sprint 1
what was finished
1.	Project proposal
2.	The program can run successfully
what were the main technical and non-technical obstacles and how they were overcome (or what was tried and did not work)
1.	The version of the package used in development was different, and we spent some time solving the problem.
what was not finished, why this happened, how this affects the overall project progress and what adjustments (if any) are needed so the success of the project is not endangered
N/A
what is planned for the next period (e.g., next week)
1.	Finish writing login/sign up page, movie information page and part of dashboard page.
